ISPN-13545 Documentation improvements to SQL store configuration (#9717)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/con_cache_store_sql.adoc

[id='sql-cache-store_{context}']
= SQL cache stores

> SQL cache stores let you load {brandname} caches from database tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQL cache stores let you load {brandname} caches from existing database tables.
```

{brandname} offers two types of SQL cache store:

Table:: {brandname} loads entries from a single database table.

> Query:: {brandname} uses SQL queries to load entries from multiple database tables as well as perform insert, update, and delete operations.

Reviewer 2: It can also be used to select individual columns from db rows

Author: Added, thanks!

> Query:: {brandname} uses SQL queries to load entries from multiple database tables, select data from individual columns in database table rows, or perform insert, update, and delete operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query:: {brandname} uses SQL queries to load entries from possibly multiple database tables including possibly sub columns therein and perform insert, update, and delete operations if desired.
```

Author: I've reworded this sentence a little but won't commit these exact changes for grammar and style. How does this sound @wburns ?

SQL query cache stores let you load caches from multiple database tables, including from sub-columns in database tables, and perform insert, update, and delete operations.

Both SQL table and query stores:

* Allow read and write operations to persistent storage.

> * Can be read-only and act as a cache loader.

Reviewer: I noticed we don't document how this is done anywhere in the documentation. Maybe we should have a read only and write only example somewhere as this store especially will be a prime target for the former.

Author: I'll create another Jira for this. I'd rather expand on the documentation in a separate effort. https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ISPN-13579
